when using scafolleding to generate identity page come out error say 
"Package restore failed. Rolling back package changes

//اهم حاجة تعمل للclear cache for package console manager
solution ..=>

1- delete the packages 
2-1. Check the Error Details
Start by checking the detailed error message in the Output Window in Visual Studio. This will give you more insight into what exactly is causing the package restore to fail.
2. Clear the NuGet Cache
Open the Package Manager Console in Visual Studio (found under Tools > NuGet Package Manager > Package Manager Console) and run the following command:
powershell
نسخ الكود
dotnet nuget locals all --clear
This will clear the NuGet cache, which can sometimes fix issues related to corrupted or outdated packages.
3. Restore NuGet Packages Manually
Right-click on your solution in Solution Explorer and select Restore NuGet Packages. This will attempt to restore the packages manually.
4. Update NuGet Package Manager
Go to Tools > Extensions and Updates > Updates > Visual Studio Gallery and ensure that the NuGet Package Manager is up to date. If it's outdated, update it and try restoring packages again.
5. Modify Package Sources
Check your package sources in Tools > NuGet Package Manager > Package Manager Settings > Package Sources. Make sure that the sources are valid and reachable (e.g., https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json for the official NuGet feed).
6. Resolve Package Conflicts
Conflicts between package versions can cause restore failures. Inspect your csproj or packages.config file to ensure there are no conflicting versions of packages.
7. Manually Edit the Project File
Open the .csproj file and check for any inconsistencies or invalid references to packages. Sometimes, manually resolving conflicts or removing problematic references can help.
8. Reinstall Packages
Delete the packages folder located in your solution directory (if it exists), then run the restore command again:
bash
نسخ الكود
dotnet restore
Alternatively, you can use the Package Manager Console:
powershell
نسخ الكود
Update-Package -reinstall
This will reinstall all packages.
9. Run Visual Studio as Administrator
Some package restore issues are related to permissions. Running Visual Studio as an administrator can resolve these issues.
10. Check for System-Specific Issues
If the issue persists, there might be a problem with your development environment or specific configuration files. Try restoring packages on a different machine or in a clean project to isolate the issue.
11. Check for Proxy/Firewall Issues
If you're behind a corporate firewall or using a proxy, make sure that your network settings are correctly configured. Sometimes, the firewall or proxy might block access to the NuGet servers.